thinking when the shorter players on the
field able to win the header Accord
running on but for Hayward back to
McCord Twp Accord just why bird Thompson
overlapping stays with bird captain
beep ball headed Oh house with the save
and we're looking for Hayward corner
coming in they go short seeking to
Thompson this is well worth rozanski
teeing it up back post bird with the
goal right off the trading ground that
is a majestic goal from Virginia
zing kid turning off
roseann ste ste bio house back to
Thompson
Virginia recycles with Burt he's going
to have a go and almost found me up a
rut Gore
it's Thompson to take it Oh house down
to make the block long balls ink and
running on black stays down touches to
Corriveau going near post and o house
gratefully claims Roseanne's me that's a
good fallen for Corriveau mister over
the crossbar yo B say to his left sends
it through to the forward brown off of
his line just got a hand on it rolls to
Jack Coleman now to a sure one touch
Brown sprawling to make the same near
post header by Thompson out for a sure
becoming more dangerous Brown with
another save two straight saves in 30
seconds from Cali Brown